https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8227 PolicyReports update (#5649)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

//2.9:7720
* The governance framework supports more template functions from the Sprig library. For more details, see the link:../governance/template_functions.adoc#open-source-community-functions[Supported Sprig open source functions].

//2.9:6921(bug not a feature)

> * You can view the timestamp for policy violations. For more details, see link:../governance/policy_ctrl_adv_config.adoc

Reviewer: The timestamp was present before so being able to view the timestamp isn't new.  It's just the timestamp now has a better meaning/value.  Can we say something like:
Governance policy entries in the Insights `PolicyReport` now use the timestamp from the policy that is in violation.
(It was using the current time)

Author: @gparvin thanks for clarifying!

> * You can view the timestamp for policy violations. For more details, see link:../governance/policy_ctrl_adv_config.adoc

Author: what are entries? do you mean parameters? ----> Answered in the next comment and I made updates to my suggestion
```suggestion
* As part of the Red Hat Insights integration with governance, the insights `PolicyReport` now uses the `timestamp` field from the policy that is in violation. For more details, see link:../governance/policy_ctrl_adv_config.adoc
```

Reviewer: It's not parameters but fields in the PolicyReport API - specifically note the list of results in this sample. It's the `timestamp` field that appears in each `results` entry that was updated.

```
apiVersion: wgpolicyk8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: PolicyReport
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: "2023-10-09T21:44:22Z"
  generation: 43
  name: local-cluster-policyreport
  namespace: local-cluster
  resourceVersion: "1549603"
  uid: 188b488d-0f45-4904-8f2d-38f19850ed66
results:
- category: service_availability
  message: Prometheus metrics data will be lost when the Prometheus pod is restarted
    or recreated
  policy: PROMETHEUS_DB_VOLUME_IS_EMPTY
  properties:
    component: ccx_rules_ocp.external.rules.empty_prometheus_db_volume.report
    created_at: "2020-11-17 11:47:00"
    extra_data: '{"error_key":"PROMETHEUS_DB_VOLUME_IS_EMPTY","ocp_branch":"4.13","type":"rule"}'
    total_risk: "1"
  result: fail
  source: insights
  timestamp:
    nanos: 277431039
    seconds: 1697564336
- category: CM Configuration Management
  message: NonCompliant; violation - namespaces [nowhere] not found
  policy: policies.test-namespace
  properties:
    created_at: "2023-10-17T17:30:46Z"
    total_risk: "1"
  result: fail
  source: grc
  timestamp:
    nanos: 0
    seconds: 1697563856
scope:
  kind: cluster
  name: local-cluster
  namespace: local-cluster
summary:
  error: 0
  fail: 2
  pass: 0
  skip: 0
  warn: 0
```

Reviewer: In the example above note that insights created the first results entry and GRC policy added the second results entry.  The update only applies to the second results entry which GRC added....

Author: @gparvin thanks for explaining, it is clear that there is a `timestamp` field in the `category: service_availability` and `category: CM Configuration Management`. I also noticed that we do not have PolicyReport listed in the APIs doc. Should that be added to our documentation?

Reviewer: It's not an ACM API that we would document with our other APIs.  It's a reporting API from the k8s policy workgroup.

Author: Thanks Gus! Are you ok with my suggestion? @gparvin

Reviewer: If it doesn't mention Insights PolicyReport in the text, it needs to move to the Observability section so it's clearer this isn't a policy timestamp but part of the insights integration.

Author: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/5649#discussion_r1364187908
